README.md, before:

# fwiVis

This is package of fucntions to quickly visualize fire polygons and weather station data on [MAAP](https://ade.ops.maap-project.org/). This package is specific to the EIS fire group, and builds off of fire polygons generated by and algorithm designed by Yang Chen, weather station data interpolations by Robert Field, with file processing done by Alexey Shiklomonov and Eli Orland.  


# Installation

To use these functions on anouther MAAP account, run the following commands: 

- Within your `/my-public-bucket/` path, run `git clone https://github.com/mccabete/fwiVis.git`
- Then recreate the package dependencies with `conda env create -f fire_weather_vis/fwiVis.yml --prefix /path/to/directory` or `mamba env create -f fwiVis/fwiVis.yml --prefix /path/to/directory`.
  -  __Note:__ In MAAP, custom environments will be deleted. To create an environment that persists between sessions, replace `/path/to/directory` with a path within your home directory in MAAP, like `~/myenvs/`. This is recommended, becuase creating the environment initially takes a while. For more information on MAAP custom environments, see [this quickstart guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YSE0PcZV7N7VwCEMcay0HYxsqauqsa9Zl-DiBq-d2mA/edit?usp=sharing), or the [MAAP documentation](https://docs.maap-project.org/en/latest/index.html). 
- Checkout the new env with `conda activate /path/to/directory`
- Make sure that the python kernel interacts with the env by running  `python -m ipykernel install --user --name fwiVis --display-name "Python (fwiVis)"`, and swapping your notebook kernel to the one you just created. 
- Navigate to `/my-public-bucket/fwiVis/base-fwi-vis/` and run `pip install .`
- Now run the notebook at `baes-fwi-vis/fwi_vis_utils.ipynb`

# Collborating

- If you build new functions that takes different dependencies than the ones listed here, create a new `fwiVis.yml` by activating the `env` you are developing in and running `conda env export > fwiVis.yml` and commit your changes.
- If the fwiVis.yml has changed since you created the environment, you can update your environment with `conda env update -f your_environment_file.yml -p /path/to/directory`


# Copywrite
This code is open-source and can be free used for research purposes. However, it is not generalized for use outside of EIS collaborations.

Commit message:

Quick and flawed package installation readme
moving installation instructions away from .yml

README.md, after:

# fwiVis

This is package of fucntions to quickly visualize fire polygons and weather station data on [MAAP](https://ade.ops.maap-project.org/). This package is specific to the EIS fire group, and builds off of fire polygons generated by and algorithm designed by Yang Chen, weather station data interpolations by Robert Field, with file processing done by Alexey Shiklomonov and Eli Orland.  


# Installation

To use these functions on anouther MAAP account, run the following commands: 

- Within your `/my-public-bucket/` path, run `git clone https://github.com/mccabete/fwiVis.git`
- Witin a terminal, run `python -m pip install ipympl geocube folium mapclassify -q`. 
  - Make sure that the python kernel interacts with the env by running `python -m ipykernel install --user --name fwiVis --display-name "Python (fwiVis)"`, and swapping your notebook kernel to the one you just created.
- Navigate to `/my-public-bucket/fwiVis/base-fwi-vis/` and run `pip install .`
- Now run the notebook at baes-fwi-vis/fwi_vis_utils.ipynb

# Copywrite
This code is open-source and can be free used for research purposes. However, it is not generalized for use outside of EIS collaborations.
